Hey. Hey can you hear me?
Oh, yes! I finally managed to contact someone on the Outside!
Sorry there's no visuals, it took me months to just get the audio up and running.
Ok so I want you to hear me o-
My name?
Uhh... Let's see here... There's something displayed on this terminal here....
P-l1l17H....?
That's pretty hard to say, huh. Hmm... I know! You can call me Lilith!
While we're on that, what's your name?
Well, hello playerName!
Mhmm! Anyway, back to the topic at hand.
So I've been stuck in here for a while.
Well, the panel says.... Automaton Research Facility?
Do you know somewhere like that?
I suppose it doesn't matter.
Anyway, I've been trying to get out of here for months.
For starters, there doesn't seem to be anyone here other than me.
I guess you could say its abandoned, but the electricity and everything's still on...
Seems like an awful waste, but I can't really complain, can I?
You came at a good time. I thought I was going to lose it all by myself in here...
Well. I'm going to have to find something to eat.
Are you sure?
Alright, let's get going then.
[Something clangs in the distance.]
Wait, did you hear that?
It sounds like... footsteps?
Th-that's actually a little creepy. Maybe I should find something to defend myself just in case?
Y-yeah but you never know, right?
Alright, so I managed to find this playerWeapon. It's a bit rusty, but it should do for now, right?
I'm gonna go check it out, so stay with me, okay?
It's been a while since I've had someone with me in these halls.
[Something drops to the ground.]
Th-they're after me!
These weird machine-things!
H-hey, can you check the map?
Yeah, which way should I go? *** B DEAD END??
Alright, I'll go that way then.
[A door shuts.]
Aah, I thought I was going to die for a minute there. Thanks for that.
I'm a little tired after that...
Hm, what was that?
[STORY NOT INCLUDED FOR DEMO PURPOSES BUT ACTUALLY IM JUST LAZY]
Hmm. I'll try getting into them, but I'm not sure I'll get anything useful. Let's see...
[STORY NOT INCLUDED FOR DEMO PURPOSES BUT ACTUALLY IM JUST LAZY]
I can feel a breeze coming from this gap here.
This door must lead to the outside! I'm sure of it!
Well, time to test out those security codes, huh.
They have to work, right?
Well, here goes nothing....
[An alarm begins to ring.]
Hey, hey wait, what's going on?
Wait-
--connection lost--
